>> Evan You: So there's a question in the
chats which asks can we have logic that
fetch the avatar Alon Mixin.
Which is a good question,
because it's more common to do this kind
of things with Mixins in the View world.
The benefits of using
a higher order component here
is that you don't really pollute
the inner avatar component.
The inner avatar component can
be used in other contexts.
It can be enhanced by
a different enhancer.
So in this sense, higher order components
offer a bit more reusability, but
if that's not a concern,
then using Mixins are perfectly fine.
Like you know this component
is only used in this project.
And it's a very specific
task that's specifically for
this project and mixings are totally fine.
But higher order components in theory
provides a higher level of reusability,
especially like in when you want to reuse
the inner component as many places as
possible.
>> Evan You: And
another advantage is this makes
the inner component more testable
because it doesn't have
any logic coupled with it.
And you can test the and
the inner component separately.
Instead with a Mixin you sort of have
this only one component that does both in
the same time.
So you either test both at the same time,
or
then you have a harder time of testing it.
Testing the two parts, the rendering and
the data fetching logic separately.
So I would say this offers a better
separation of concern as well,
but I wouldn't really recommend for
using higher order components just for
the sake of using it.
It's really about realizing what
the problems you're trying to solve.
Does it actually make it better for
your case?
And sometimes Mixin can really
just be more, easier to grasp,
because when you have too many high
order components the component
hierarchy becomes really complex.
And it can become harder to find out
which responsibility falls where and
figuring out how of all these
are stacked together and
how they interact with each other.
And also when you have multiple
layers you need to be intentional,
you have to pass a lot
of props down the way.
And having more nested components
also have some performance costs,
cuz you're now having more
component instances in your app.
And more communication of your props.
All of these are overheads that
you can avoid by using Mixins.
So you, yeah, know the pros and
cons of both approaches and
pick the one that fits your use case.